Graphql format (#16)
Crunch09/jeql: README.md

  github:
    url: "https://api.github.com/graphql"
    header:
      # The 'bearer' string preceding the token:

>       # ..without it the grahql endpoint won't recognise your key

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      # The 'bearer' string preceding the token.
      # Without it the GraphQL endpoint won't recognise your key.
```
